Update short descriptions of sample apps (#132)
miroapp/app-examples: examples/connect-firebase/README.md

### About the app

> This sample app shows how to connect to a database backend hosted on Firebase to enable persistent data storage. Built with the Web SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app shows how to connect to a database backend hosted on Firebase to enable persistent data storage. Built with the Miro Web SDK.
```

> This sample app shows how to connect to a database backend hosted on Firebase to enable persistent data storage. Built with the Web SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample app shows how to connect to a database backend hosted on Firebase to enable persistent data storage. This app uses the Miro Web SDK.
```
